auth-update.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
crazyerror.su_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
differentia.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
dorttlokolrt.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
downs1.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
emptyarray.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
krnqlwlplttc.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
maddox1.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
manning1.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
smartfoodsglutenfree.kz_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
atomictrivia.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
disorderstatus.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
22072014a.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
14072015.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
14072015q.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
22072014b.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
22072014c.com_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Malicious Botnet Serving Various Malware Families,
volaya.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Win32/PSW.Papras.CK CnC,
dagestanskiiviskis.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
islamislamdi.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
hasanhashsde.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
venerologvasan93.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
ebankoalalusys.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
mysebstarion.ru_watch_ip.lst,malicious activity,Ursnif Variant CnC,
